Welcome back my students before we go on I to explain to you why we're doing this well of course we're
doing this just to make a publication like 100 percent secure I almost 100 percent and a lot more secure
basically than what it is now.
But one of the reasons why we were doing this and I'm doing this is because I notice first I want to
provide more value for the course.
But second I notice that if somebody comes here now to our application and they know database names
like like thousands of you know my database names and table names you can go ahead.
Basically create a query here and pull out information from the database and then log into the Web site
and basically delete information from there.
You can do a lot of damage.
Hackers can do a lot of damage.
So in order for us to prevent We cannot prevent that with my ask you all real SKAIFE string we can prevent
some stuff but we cannot prevent everything with this prepare statements.
We can because it's not going to take external data is not going to take its turn or data is going to
prepare.
And then he's going to execute it inside the application.
OK.
So he's going to be different is going to be using a different process here than what he's going to
use down below.
When I show you the next functions OK so he's going to prevent all this stuff is really great.
But anyway let's continue with this.
So we have statement number one.
We have them no one asked them and number two what else.
Well we don't need this guy here anymore and we need a couple of functions here.
First of all we need to detect to see which statement we're sending in.
First of all we got a couple of variables and would be nice if we say listen if the SDM empty one is
this the SD empty one is ready then I want you to do this for me.
This what we're going to be doing we're going to be doing that for the and over to us.
Well but let's do that for this one first.
So we're going to say it's my you Elias TMT and first function that we're going to be using for this
is buying program.
OK.
And this is going to take an argument it's going to take this guy as an argument.
The second argument is going to take the format that placeholder is coming in.
So we know that this format is an integer right.
So we put another way if there was a string we put an s.
OK but we're putting an eye on this one then we're going to give it the value of that placeholder which
is puls category idea I believe.
Okay.
And then we can just execute it.
But we need another function for that.
Okay.
And the function is that SECU simple is we.
Why are we executing well.
The variable there SBM complicated variable name that I gave it.
OK.
And now if we were inserting code or updating or something like that this is done well because we are
fetching data we have to go another step and then we have to say listen I want to get I want to bind
the resource from this statement and it's going to take as an argument why results are you a binding
water where are you getting out of it.
Well let's.
And you can see here the object this guy here in the midst of variables.
OK.
So I'm going to grab one of these guys and I'm going to paste them in here.
Now one of them all of them I'm going to put the dollar symbol on them.
Whoops.
That's a for
to too there.
And this is poolside ID.
There we go.
Simple as that.
And then of course you closer here.
We're done with this one right.
But we need a now statement just in case this is not said.
What else you said.
Well we got the second parameter set.
I mean the second statement.
So let's do that one.
OK.
Just copy all this.
Put it right here.
Now we change this to two.
And now this is going to take two values.
First we have an integer and then we have a string here.
So we say integer and then the string was the first integer which is.
This is the first integer it was the second one.
The second one was a string because it's looking for string as a second.
So the string is going to be this guy he published which is a static stuff that we gave of their value.
OK.
Simple.
Now change this to two.
And if you guessed this one too you're completely right.
OK.
Pretty simple.
Now we're doing this here and we've got to figure out how we can do this because we have to change is
we have to change it to as empty as empty as TMT actually sorry about the elves get confused with his
number this name as t t.
There we go.
And then what do you think is going to take is it going to take number one statement with one or statement
or two which statement.
What we don't know right.
So we got to make a functionality for this we got to create some type of variable that symbolizes both
fry that that means that reference is both.
So just in case is number one we assign it to this variable and if is number two we assign it to the
same variable because variables change right.
So just make sure that you have your semicolon there.
OK there we go then.
And now all we have to do here is get this guy and put him right here together.
Simple as that.
So this is looking pretty good.
I want you to digest this information.
And we're just going to recap a little bit if you understood it go to the next lecture.
But we're going to recap them and then we're going to go to the next election.
We are preparing the statement of course.
First we start with a new function that we created a couple of years ago.
We are starting with my as you apply prepare we are preparing it with the first parameter is a connection.
The second parameter is going to be the Querrey with the placeholders.
OK because that's how prepared statements work.
Then we assign whatever is coming back from them if it works we assign it to this will come for two
or four.
So you can put an if statement if in here if you want to.
OK.
And if it doesn't work then whatever you just die the the page.
Make sure he dies and you report some type of error and you can use my ass to apply error or for that
OK.
Oh I think I believe we have a function for that code from Querrey.
So we can use something like that.
But now guys like I say if you want more information about this BHB on the Web sites a bunch more.
But anyway so we do we do the same thing for the second Querrey here.
So the second statement but we have different requests here because we are requesting for two conditions
with this one and this one.
And of course because here you see him publish
here we cannot pull the string here we need it to make it a variable so we can really come and put this
whole thing here because it wouldn't work.
It wouldn't take that.
He has to be a variable so that's why we create a variable here for that specific functionality right
here.
OK.
So once we have these statements we are checking to see if they estimate and we're what is available
if not then we have a statement over to right or whatever else.
But if Stehman number one is ready we use this function to bind the statement number one make sure is
cast into an integer.
Make sure that we put the data that we are supposedly receiving.
We know that.
And then the value of that placeholder there then we execute it.
So this is in a different space or a different.
It uses a different process different protocol than what he uses here.
OK.
So that's why I ask you and it cannot happen because a preparer's it uses a different protocol once
it comes series using another one because it's already doing this inside the process.
OK.
So then we have binding that data.
OK we're telling it listen this two separate process.
Basically we're going to bind the statement to this data that we've got set up that placeholder and
we know that place is an integer and then we just executed.
And here because we're fetching we just fetching those resource we're binding that statement to these
variables.
OK.
Well the next lecture we're going to end this and we're going to make sure that it works around your
percent.
See you in the next one.
Take your